Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we will be drawing the players and the scores, so first things first, I'm going
to go to our game variables.
We need to create this course for our A.I. and our eye.
So I'm going to say let's score A.I., which is going to be the second player and score our AI, which
is going to be the first player.
So we have created this discourse.
We need to call them somewhere, so I'm going to go to our new game function and the way I'm just going
to go ahead and comment about everything that we do not need.
I don't think we are not just going to comment out this.
I'm going to comment of the constructor that contains the the drawer side, the drawer sides highlight
side, select side if we needed them.
We are going to, of course, open them.
So inside our new game right below here, they're going to say score EHI is going to be initially zero
and we're going to say score.
Aaargh!
Is going to be zero as well.
So we are going to initialize them to zero.
And then we need to go ahead and we need to handle this score, whichever players turn it is we need
to handle score for them.
So I have put something in here and that is we said that we are going to handle scoring here.
So I'm going to say, if it is players turn player's turn, we're going to grab the score of the first
player and we're going to incremented by one else.
It means that that it is the computer's turn or the other players turn.
We are going to say score II and we are going to incremented by one.
Whichever players turn it is we are going to increase their score by one.
So now let's go ahead and its collapse this once more.
What I would like to do next is I would like to go ahead and create a draw scores function.
Right.
And let's see where we should put it.
So we do have our draw squares here.
And on top of the draw squares, I'm going to say draw scores, draw scores, let's say function.
This is going to draw the player, the score, everything.
So we're going to say draw scores.
We're not going to pass in any parameters.
So first off, let's check out which color it is that we want to give it.
Now, we are going to create a color eye, which is the second player.
So first off, we need to check for a condition.
The condition is, if it is colors, if it is the player's turn, then we want to show the light color.
If it is the if it is not the player's turn, we are going to show the other solid color.
So if it is the player's turn, if Blair's turn is true, we are going to show the color a light.
Otherwise we are just going to show color if we are going to do the same thing for the our eye as well
or the first player.
So we are going to say if the player's turn is true, we are going to show the color player.
Color player, and if it is not true, we are going to show the color of player color, player light.
This is going to handle for us this, for example, when it does the player once turn.
You can see the player, too, is faded out.
When it is players to stern, it is like back on and the player one is faded out.
This is going to handle for us this.
And now let's go ahead and let's draw the text.
So we are going to call our draw text function, which is going to draw any kind of text for us.
The text now we need to pass and text.
The text is going to be text player.
And what is going to be the exposition, the exposition is going to be with
with times zero point twenty five, the Y position is going to be margin because we are talking about
the Y direction and margin is for we created margin for this purpose.
Margin time zero point two five, the color is going to be determined by the color or eye variable that
we created and the size is going to be the text size top.
Let's do the same thing for the other player, which is the AAA, we're going to let's let's draw the
score as well.
And so for the score, what we are going to do is we are going to pass and score.
Schoharie, So this is our eye, we are going to pass the score for that, the deposition is going to
be with Time's 2.5, but for the Y position, we wanted to come down a little.
So we have our player player right here and then the score is below the player.
So if this is point to five, this is going to be point six a little bit further there.
The color is going to be the same and the size is going to be let's increase the size and multiply it
by two.
So this is going to be for the for the first player and this is going to be the second player.
So the text is going to be text, I text, I perfect.
The width is going to because we want it to go all the way to the other side.
We're going to say multiplied by zero point seventy five, the margin is going to be the same.
This is going to be I and text size top is going to be the same.
The score is going to be a.
The width is going to be beneath there.
So, again, zero point seven five, the margin is going to be that and the score ehi and basically
that.
So let's save it.
Let's come here.
Have we call this function, this draw course?
All right, so DROs course we are not calling this function, are we?
We should call that function, right.
So we need to call it in here.
So what I would like to do is right beneath there, I'm going to call our DROs cause function and it
should constantly dry, since I can see it is the player's turn.
That's why this color is highlighted.
Now it is the to turn player one.
Player two.
Now let's go ahead and score so you can see the score is one.
I get another turn.
The score is too perfect.
And let's put it there.
Let's put that one here.
Flattr one and player one.
The next thing and the final video is I mean, we do have some time here.
There is still seven minutes.
We have just worked on seven minutes.
But I'm not going to do that.
We are going to do that in our next lecture.
We are going to work with that draw that we need to go ahead and handle the the event whenever we end
the game.
Now, the end game is ended.
We should see a draw here and after two seconds, the game should restart.
So I'm just going to check this one more time and.
So that is going to be player one for that here player to.
And why does it always have to be draw?
Let's check for some other condition as well.
Let's make the player one when all of them.
So let me put this here and that one is going to come there.
So player one player, one player want and player one.
Perfect, it is four and this is zero.
All right.
So that's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.